Reference to Lolita Lebrón, a Puerto Rican nationalist who attempted to assassinate the presiding President of the United States of America in 1954, President Truman. She was thereafter incarcerated.
Images display instances of police brutality in Latin America.
Visuals reference unchecked gun violence in the US and abroad.
Visuals show an Indigenous-presenting statue of liberty.
In the midst of protests, a couple dances the tango in streets torn apart by violence, a striking contrast. Their movements are juxtaposed by those that fall into the classification of Andre Lepecki's choreopolicing.
An indigenous protester's body is torn restricted in four directions.
Children are shown detained by fences and shouting. Then a woman possibly Afro-Latina is seen breastfeeding her baby through the barbed wire. Most likely, a reference to detention centers deportation and the terror and separation that they inflict on families.
Puerto Ricans or other indigenous-presenting women lift their palos (or historical sticks used within martial arts) as symbols of protest. Their identities are concealed by masks, except for their eyes. They then lift their masks to reveal that they are all women and they are also clothed in traditional attire.
A man lifts up a crucifix, possibly an allusion to liberation theology which was popular in the Americas during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
An Afro-Latin woman's face is shown with a bullet hole, a reference to gun violence that disproportionately affects marginalized communities.
Tattooed men are shown with an image of La Virgen del Guadalupe.
An indigenous child dressed in traditional regalia and also barefoot sits atop a pile of McDonald's Happy Meals a reference both to food deserts commercialism and colonialism occurring in Latin America. Behind him lie the ruins of a building
Residente is dressed in U.S. Army Special Forces military attire and stands with a man with a bullet hole. This is a reference to US military involvement in Latin America.